oh no what are you doing stepbrother huh
bro you wanna make out today we are
going to be touring your minecraft
realms you were going to invite us to
your minecraft realms then we will
observe we will observe your minecraft
films I want to see him join them I'm
gonna join Family Guy funny moments
funny nice dog hot he ran out they said
they just they just said that they ran
out how do you run out of funny loans I
don't know that's possible why were you
in Wilbur's roam check this out
I can join it again Wow Wow I was just
standing it up cause I'm just doing to
get laid I'm still blades Carlson just
joined oh here he is
Carlson it's right that's right hey you
this Saturday September 7th 2019 myself
hug boxy Scoob Travis and J Schlacht
will be holding a group fundraising
event this will all be going into our
group channel goop during this stream
we're going to complete every minecraft
achievement multiplayer or try to for 12
hours straight and if one person dies
everyone dies be there or be square on
September 7th at 12 p.m. PST high school
RP survival
rules for United Nations rule one no
waltz hundred berries I don't think
we'll have a problem with that I'm not
finding any wild Saturday's no violent
creepy it's normal creeping aloud oh
there's two of them what
welcome to store by Elijah I have very
good spud
yeah he really does Brock Obama where
where whoa
Rock guys please
Oh No POV Carson arrives in your world
then swiftly and brutally murders you
dude they got beds on the walls bro
these people be sleeping sideways
there's a lot of them I used reddit
which means I have a bigger brain than
all of you I liked this guy was this was
get him it was real why I guess Josh the
diamonds behind the wall the wall yeah
they're behind there I didn't find them
if you don't join your gay [__] um if I
flower seed I think I haven't won well
that was close one Chet I thought I
don't know well that's called epic meat
gamers by Fred burger
I feel far gayer now that I've been here
call me gig and see what comp y cool
guys been locked in a cage he has locked
himself in a cage what happened he's
locked himself away dude we gotta get
him dude eat the sea pickle quick eat it
no wait wait hold on I got this oh now
he's not thirsty anymore good job [__]
is this oh the cool ass tower to be
honest with ya I'm talking about the
cactus I'm talking about the characters
Oh Stone one oh yeah yeah no that's cool
that's cool yeah I'm surprised you know
I was able to build that yes that must
have taken big before two maybe three
minutes
Oh Smosh comedy - like summation oh my
gosh yes of course of course of course
I hate my dog hi Carson please listen to
rule rule one read the sign my mom is
yelling at my problem Carson is candy
wait no Carson there's candy oh yeah
look look right over I want the candy I
want to eat the candy there's nothing
candy it's just candy
I'm candy says to you is this really
candy please trap work
Hey well I mean I sure AM trapped in
here so I think it might have worked
do you guys have a sweaty back ado
excellent an exclamation point claim at
17 minutes ago from cardboard it's a
troll face that's one that's why I'm set
on it it's a list it holy crap I got
Shawn
I hate trolls he said hello there I'm no
ordinary troll face okay well guess what
I can't I can so it doesn't exist yeah
what he said
yeah well bro you want to make out yeah
they better have yeah that's a lie
that's just not true oh comedy 3 he said
I was aware no no same guys there's a
guy named yeah you want to join too much
ice on the field by sob pal he's got a
little hmm
he's got a little face he's like no mama
oh no no no no it's just a flat world it
says Joe mama mama and then it says it
had to be done that's who is Joe
all gamers need to be eradicated of
course you wanted
yeah we're July party it's PewDiePie
stupid base can we blow this up yes PvP
turned off that's [__] stupid
PewDiePie that's a stupid joke send this
to PewDiePie put this on his subreddit a
pewdiepie you're stupid look at this
Peter your Minecraft videos suck ok
they're stupid imagine not even putting
buttons on the other's head of an iron
door so you're stuck in a room with a
zombie running around in circles until
everyone decides to leave PewDiePie is
totally not pogchamp ok that's all I'm
saying they're all in the water I'm safe
I'm safe I'm writing stupid DeMars
dinnerbone horse oh no oh no no I gotta
go way too difficult
but you armed cross you know there's a
boat over here you wanna ride the boat
actually what my do you have any salt is
it a motorboat what's the motor
not much of a motor boat really more
like a boat can I just a bad wound bad
boat it doesn't really go anywhere it's
just kind of like a thing yes I'm gonna
boat it's like a dinghy in the water not
really a boat more of a dinghy no
Wendy's drive-thru
[Laughter]
[Music]
I know there's no how would you know
[Laughter]
it's a political grand Central's my
first string cheese Italian herbs and
cheese please I'm on a diet
[Laughter]
Trevor's peepee trimmers are 2017 that's
stupid
why's Trevor had that much penis
um I'm not gay cookie whatever you do
don't go in there don't go in the green
top gay bar okay just no just a Costco
no way three minutes I want to get where
where where three minutes ago just a
Costco
it's just Costco I need to go to Costco
guys I just want to get so many items
you get them all of they're so big I buy
it on bull you get so much surplus every
time what I look like oh no this is not
a Costco at all should we join rat yeah
I think we should join rat where's rat
what the is this a saw trap this is a
dangerous zone huh this is not rats
these are creepers you could spawn so
many more than this because he is not in
isn't survival you seem to not
understand the situation you are in my
friend we are here to keep you captive
[Laughter]
I don't like cameras you freak you
absolute freak you know that you're a
freak what is that oh I don't like then
that's a pufferfish dude I'm leaving I'm
out of here I'm Matty hates me
you know what I'm gonna head out I've
got to I'm staying
we're gonna live our lives in peace
what the hell this game is kind of
broken why not I can't find my mom at
Walmart no I can't find my mom and I'm
not Walmart this Walmart sucks I can't
find my mom and I'm at Walmart get me
out of here please one is mine where's
my mom I can't find her I'm lost
please Walmart greeter where's my mom
and the Walmart greeter turns to me and
they're like I don't know where your mom
is stinky leg of Deutsch yeah except no
I didn't accept it Oh Judas stinky leg
ah or just rinky-dink he's doing the
thing what is this he wants it I'm
taking these beds oh my gosh why is it
that we joined every single Minecraft
problem they just wanna see us do the do
the dirty deal can we join lust yeah I
saw that I joined immediately more
material some stone break it is that's
quite the advancement no no no I can't
do that I can't burn your this is
definitely your friend's house and you
want me to burn it down how constructive
that's to me I wouldn't do that
I'm not a behavior is unacceptable yes
so what I was he knows how to use
English language in a very delicate way
he's a poet hey gamers this is me and my
boy survival realm we all have separate
bases you were currently in mind we have
me read some farms mainly built by me I
could show you guys a couple if you want
show us toilet how these things work how
these things work how these things work
oh good
what is this clock what is this how
these things work
how do these things how this thing
changes name to Jeff no way can you give
us a quick speech
we knew with my brother stop joining I
want to play the Wii U with my brother
[Laughter]
wait shadow is full episode 43 where
where where where where where where
where oh I see Part III say Nintendo
Gameboy with Obama hold on oh my gosh
you guys are too you see something with
something in your like God well what
else are you supposed to do alright they
say don't judge a book by it's cover but
when the cover is all you see the Obama
with a gameboy and I'm not getting it no
jaw herobrine I'm not gonna talk to you
I'm joining Jeff Schloss [__]
nightmare I need to know it's I know but
it could be a lot of Stoll it could be
really funny guys come on let's give it
the benefit of the doubt
okay I'm not joining I'm joining what
monkey I'm gonna have a discussion with
this ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba da da da
but hot singles in years what's the use
in your area what let me in let me in ha
ninja is cracking nineties in here no
way you missed him he left five minutes
ago this is the worst day of my life
hotter singles in your area no [__]
way dude there's no way I'm joining I
gotta see this I gotta see this right
now who could be hotter
oh they [__] up the 8th or portal
again did all Drive pooping everywhere
where it's not true it's not true I
don't poop that I don't poop everywhere
we're gonna find out no this is don't
don't don't try making a portal it never
goes what is he gonna he's trying it
he's trying it oh this poor sap it's not
that's not how you make an aether portal
man I'm gonna be honest you gotta have
the aether mod installed you know what
give me the bucket give me the bucket
give me the bucket I'll do it
I'll see this just doesn't work it
doesn't burn with Nilla minecraft man
I'm SAP there's a pile of bombs for me
I'm a foreign investor so I'm interested
this is my pile of bombs it's a game
I'm confiscating this an accomplished
game with Mike no I am [__] myself
[Music]
oh you're happy Obama aren't you your
little happy oh man uh-hmm
he's angry until you give him a lemon
well you better give him a living uh is
this true
someone someone has no no no no no he
better beat what nah that's not pokiman
dude what you mean it's not be raining
dude I need that might be better that
might be better turn it turn it today I
need this brutal notch I get into I get
it's you
[Music]